{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f4\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f42\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0004020202020204}Aptos;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0004020202020204}Aptos Display;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0004020202020204}Aptos;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f60\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f64\fbidi \fnil\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}
{\f65\fbidi \fnil\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}{\f67\fbidi \fnil\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f68\fbidi \fnil\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f71\fbidi \fnil\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}
{\f72\fbidi \fnil\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}{\f74\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f75\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f77\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}
{\f78\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f81\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f82\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f84\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos CE;}
{\f85\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Cyr;}{\f87\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Greek;}{\f88\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Tur;}{\f91\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Baltic;}
{\f92\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos Display CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Display Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Display Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Display Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Display Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos Display (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs24\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6633032\rsid10289612\rsid12191759\rsid12415329}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info
{\operator Microsoft Office User}{\creatim\yr2026\mo1\dy20\hr12\min54}{\revtim\yr2026\mo1\dy20\hr15\min40}{\version3}{\edmins4}{\nofpages16}{\nofwords5838}{\nofchars33282}{\nofcharsws39042}{\vern5251}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/off
ice/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale153\rsidroot10289612 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Fast Winding in VirtualFluids CPU and GPU Guide }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 1. Introduction }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Fast winding i\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
s an approximate winding number method that classifies grid nodes as inside or outside a closed surface. In VirtualFluids it is used to mark solids and to drive boundary processing that depends on a reliable inside outside mask. The feature is both a comp
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ute tool and a diagnostics tool, so it influences classification and also produces data for inspection.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The winding number for a closed surface is close to one inside the surface and close to zero outside. A perfect winding number evaluation can be expensi\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ve on large grids. Fast winding provides a practical approximation that is accurate enough for classification and can be evaluated quickly for many nodes. This is why it is used in a code base that targets large three dimensional grids.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Fast winding is tightly coupled to the surface mesh and assumes triangle soup input. The libigl implementation is designed for triangle soups, which means the surface does not need to be a fully stitched manifold, but it still benefits from a clean, close
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 d, and well scaled \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
mesh. If the mesh is not closed or is poorly conditioned, classification results can be unreliable. The VF implementation therefore combines fast winding with diagnostics that help detect missing links and surface issues. These outputs are not only for vi
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 sualization, they are part of the validation workflow.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 This guide explains the full pipeline for CPU and GPU. It shows how fast winding is enabled, how classification feeds \'93\loch\f4 \hich\f4 qs\'94\loch\f4 
 computation, how diagnostics are gathered and written, and how to navigate the\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  code. Example applications appear only at the end so the reader can focus on the core system first.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 2. Build Time Activation and Configuration }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Fast winding is a compile time feature. It becomes available when CMake can locate the fast winding headers and sets the VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING define for a target. The primary header is located at 3rdParty/fast-winding-number-soups/libigl/include/igl/FastWi
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ndingNumberForSoups.h.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When VF_FAST_WINDING_ROOT points to the fast winding folder and the header exists, CMak\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
e adds the include paths and sets VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING. This macro turns on the fast winding code for CPU and GPU at build time.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
On the CPU side, src/cpu/core/CMakeLists.txt adds the include paths for the fast winding repository and sets VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING as a public compile definition. Any target that links cpu_core inherits this macro, which is why most CPU apps see fast windin
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 g enabled even if they do not use it directly.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 On the GPU side, src/gpu/GridGenerator/CMakeLists.txt performs a similar check a\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
nd defines VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING for the GridGenerator target. This enables fast winding paths in the GPU grid generator and diagnostics code.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Fast winding does not require a separate link step because it is header based. The main requirement is that the include paths are set correctly. The CMake files treat third party headers as system headers to avoid warnings that could be promoted to errors
.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING is not defined and a fast winding dependent function is called, the CPU interactor throws\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 an exception. This is a safeguard to prevent running a classification path that is not compiled. Always confirm the macro in build outputs before troubleshooting runtime behavior.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If you ever need a quick confirmation, you can check build/CMakeCache.txt for a non empty VF_FAST_WINDING_ROOT and build/compile_commands.json for -DVF_HAS_FAST_WINDING=1.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 3. Conceptual Model and Design Philosophy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The fast winding pipeline is structured around three stages. The first stage is classification, which marks nodes as solid based on winding values. The second stage is subgrid distance computation, also called Qs, which finds intersection distances for bo
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 undary links. The third stage is diagnostics and output, which gathers data and writes files.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The separation is intentional. Classification is purely geometric and should not depend on output logic. Subgrid distance computation is physics oriented and reli\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
es on classification to decide which links to process. Output is purely diagnostic and should not feed back into the compute logic. This design keeps the core algorithms stable and makes it easier to add new outputs without affecting classification or Q p
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rocessing.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The pipeline also promotes consistency between CPU and GPU. Both platforms use the same conceptual stages even though the data structures are different. Geometry helpers and diagnostics helpers are shared so that the same rules apply when comput
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ing winding values or interpreting missing links.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Diagnostics are a central part of the philosophy. The winding based classification can hide subtle issues in the mesh or grid alignment. Missing links, winding fields, and Q line outputs provide concrete evidence of what happened during processing. This m
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 eans the system is not a black box and users can inspect the outputs to validate the run.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This structure allows gradual extension. A new diagnostic output can be added without touching the classification l\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ogic. A new classification strategy can be added without rewriting the output layer. This separation is the reason the code is split across common tools, CPU core, and GPU grid generator.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 4. Data Structures and Flow }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Surface geometry is represented by GbTriFaceMesh3D. The mesh contains a list of nodes and a list of triangles that reference the nodes. Fast winding consumes this triangle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f4\kerning0\insrsid6633032 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 format, which is a dense list of vertex positions and triangle indices.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
On the CPU, Grid3D represents the grid. Each block in the grid has a BCSet which owns a BCArray3D. The BCArray3D stores solid flags and boundary condition pointers. Fast winding classification writes into the BCArray3D by marking nodes as solid when their
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  winding value exceeds the threshold.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 SubgridDistanceStats stores boundary processing statistics and missing link data. It records total link counts, hit counts, promoted solids, and \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
a list of missing links. Missing link records include the origin node and the neighbor node for each failed intersection.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Diagnostics output uses common collections. MissingLinkCollection stores node positions, line indices, directions, winding numbers, and endpoint classifications. QLineCollection stores node positions, line indices, directions, Q values, the subgrid distan
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ces, and optional surface points. WindingFieldCollection stores node positions and winding values.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Triangle caches and kd trees are u\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
sed to accelerate geometry queries. A triangle cache is a compact representation of mesh triangles that supports fast intersection tests. A kd tree indexes triangle positions to speed up nearest neighbor and intersection queries. These structures are used
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  by both CPU and GPU boundary processing.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Coordinate storage relies on UbTuple types. UbTupleFloat3 represents a three component position. UbTupleInt2 represents a line segment connection between two nodes. These simple containers keep memory usage predict
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 able across CPU and GPU code paths.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 5. Common Grid Winding Tools }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The common grid winding tools are shared between CPU and GPU and encode geometry and diagnostics logic that must behave consistently. These files are used by both platforms and are the best place to look when you need to change core behavior or output for
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 mat.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
GridWindingGeometry.h provides geometry helpers such as triangle cache creation, face epsilon computation, and boundary link processing. It is the core of the geometric computation pipeline and should be kept consistent with mesh scale and grid cell s
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ize assumptions.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
GridWindingKdTree.h provides kd tree utilities that support fast queries over triangle meshes. It is used when the system needs to find the nearest triangle or test boundary links efficiently. If you need to tune performance or adjust spatial query behavi
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 or, this is the file to inspect.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 GridWindingSolidMarker.h is the center of fast winding classification. It builds the triangle soup for libigl, initializes fast winding, and loops over nodes provided by an accessor. The accessor abstracti
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 on lets the same logic operate on CPU and GPU grids.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
This accessor pattern is the core of the platform agnostic design. The fast winding algorithm is written once in GridWindingSolidMarker.h and expects only a small interface from the accessor, such as a way to iterate nodes and mark solids. On CPU the acce
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ssor lives in D3Q27GridWindingInteractor and writes to BCArray3D. On GPU the accessor lives in GridWindingSolidMarkerGpu.h and writes to GridImp. Both accessors call the same marker logic, so the classif
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ication rules and thresholds are identical across platforms.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Example of shared logic flow. CPU calls vf::grid_winding::cpu::markSolidsWithFastWinding which wraps the CPU accessor and then calls vf::grid_winding::markSolidsWithFastWinding in GridWindingSolidMarker.h. GPU uses GridWindingSolidMarkerGpu.h to adapt Gri
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 dImp and calls the same vf::grid_winding::markSolidsWithFastWinding function. This is how CPU and GPU reach the same classification logic without duplicating the winding computation.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 GridWinding\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Diagnostics.h defines diagnostic collections and output helpers. It is also the home of BoundaryProcessingConfig, which controls what is written and sets the classification threshold. Changes to diagnostic naming or output formats should be made here to k
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 eep CPU and GPU outputs aligned.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 6. Platform Agnostic Design and Accessors }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Fast winding is implemented as a platform agnostic algorithm that is reused by both CPU and GPU. The core idea is that the algorithm only needs a small interface that can iterate n\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
odes and mark solids. This interface is called an accessor. The algorithm itself lives in GridWindingSolidMarker.h and does not know whether it is operating on a CPU grid or a GPU grid. It only sees an accessor that can enumerate nodes and set solid flags
.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The CPU accessor lives in D3Q27GridWindingInteractor. It exposes grid nodes to the marker and writes results into BCArray3D. The GPU accessor lives in GridWindingSolidMarkerGpu.h. It exposes GridImp nodes to the same marker logic and writes results into 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 the GPU grid storage. Both accessors satisfy the same interface expectations so the marker can operate unchanged.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
This design keeps classification rules identical across platforms. Threshold handling, face epsilon usage, and the fast winding evaluation are all in the shared marker. The only difference is how nodes are provided and where solid flags are written. This 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 avoids divergent behavior and prevents duplicate implementations.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Concrete shared logic flow. On CPU the call chain is vf::grid_winding::cpu:\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
:markSolidsWithFastWinding, which builds a CPU accessor and then calls vf::grid_winding::markSolidsWithFastWinding in GridWindingSolidMarker.h. On GPU the call chain starts in GridWindingSolidMarkerGpu.h, which adapts GridImp and then calls the same vf::g
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rid_winding::markSolidsWithFastWinding function. Both paths converge on the identical marker code and therefore apply the same classification rules.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The same pattern appears in diagnostics. The collections defined in GridWindingDiagnostics.h are used by bo\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
th CPU and GPU, and the write helpers are shared. This means the representation of missing links, Q lines, and winding fields is consistent across platforms, even though the data is gathered differently.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 7. CPU Pipeline Overview }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The CPU pipeline begins with a surface mesh and a Grid3D. The pipeline performs fast winding classification, computes subgrid distances, the Q values, for boundary links, and optionally writes diagnostics. The core logic is in D3Q27GridWindingInteractor, 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 with orchestration and output in GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Two common entry points exist. The direct entry point is vf::grid_winding::cpu::processBoundaryData, which runs classification and subgrid distance computation and returns diagnosti\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
cs data. The higher level entry point is GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver::update, which wraps the same logic and adds output writing and directory management.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The interactor also exposes setQs for simulation time steps. This function requires VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING and will throw if the macro is not defined. It is used when Q values, the subgrid distances, must be refreshed as the simulation evolves.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 8. CPU Call Sequence in Detail }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 1. The caller prepares the surface mesh or meshes and ensures t\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
hey contain valid node and triangle arrays. If multiple meshes are used they are combined by the observer into a single mesh so classification uses one surface.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 2. The caller prepares Grid3D and BCSet. Each block in the grid has a BCArray3D and is ready for boundary classification updates.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 3. The caller creates BoundaryProcessingConfig. It sets fastWindingThreshold and chooses which diagnostics to write by toggling writeMissingLinks, writeQLines, and writeWindingField.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 4. The caller choose\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s an entry point. It can call vf::grid_winding::cpu::processBoundaryData directly or create a GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver and call update.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 5. GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver::update checks the scheduler and ensures the run occurs only once. It validates that grid, surface, and BCSet are present before proceeding.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 6. The observer calls processBoundaryData either through a D3Q27GridWindingInteractor or directly through the namespace function. The interactor path allows the sa\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
me logic to be used in a simulation time step context.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 7. processBoundaryData tests the VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING macro. When enabled it calls vf::grid_winding::cpu::markSolidsWithFastWinding which wraps the shared marker logic with a CPU grid accessor.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Step 8. The shared marker in GridWindingSolidMarker.h builds arrays of mesh positions and indices, initializes libigl fast winding, and iterates candidate grid nodes. For each node it computes a winding value and marks the node as solid if the value excee
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ds\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  the threshold.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Step 9. After classification, processBoundaryData calls computeSubgridDistancesStandalone. This function iterates boundary links for each block and uses processBoundaryLink to compute intersection distances. Q values, the subgrid distances, are stored in 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 boundary condition data structures.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 10. SubgridDistanceStats is filled with counts and missing link records. The function aggregates statistics and logs totals, which helps confirm that classification and link processing behaved as expected.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 11. If diagnostics are enabled, collectMissingLinks and collectQLines gather data across ranks. This produces MissingLinkCollection and QLineCollection which are suitable for output.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 12. The observer enriches missing links and may compute a winding field. finalizeMissingLinkCollection add\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
s endpoint kinds and winding numbers for missing links. writeWindingFieldReport samples winding values at grid nodes.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 13. The observer writes outputs to the path/bc directory. This includes missing link lines, Q lines, and optionally the winding field. Output occurs only on the root rank when MPI is enabled.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 9. CPU Classification Details }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The classification routine uses a bounding box around the surface mesh. Nodes outside this bounding box are skipped, which reduces unnecessary winding evaluations. \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The bounding box is expanded by face epsilon, which depends on mesh size and grid cell size.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Face epsilon is designed to avoid numeric errors when a node is near the surface. It provides a small tolerance so that classification does not miss nodes that lie on or near the surface due to floating point rounding. This tolerance is derived from the m
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 esh bounds and the grid cell size.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The winding value is computed by libigl using computeSolidAngle. The value is scaled by one over 4 pi to yield a normalized win\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ding number. The value is then compared to fastWindingThreshold to decide whether the node is solid.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The accuracyScale parameter controls a tradeoff between speed and accuracy. Higher values provide more accurate winding values but increase computation time. Lower values speed up the computation but may misclassify thin features or small cavities.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 10. CPU Subgrid Distance Computation and Missing Link Detection }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 computeSubgridDistancesStandalone performs the subgrid distance computation across boundary lin\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ks. For each node and lattice direction it finds the surface intersection point and computes a subgrid distance. The result is stored in the boundary condition data for the node.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
processBoundaryLink is the core intersection routine. It uses triangle caches and can use kd trees to accelerate the lookup. The result includes Q values, the subgrid distances, and flags that indicate whether the link intersected the surface.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Missing links are links that did not intersect the surface. These links are stored in S\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ubgridDistanceStats with their origin and neighbor coordinates, direction, and optional winding number. Missing link counts are useful indicators of mesh problems or classification errors.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Missing link endpoints can be classified by populateMissingLinkEndpointKind. This uses the surface geometry to determine whether endpoints lie on the surface, inside, or outside. The classification helps separate true geometry issues from numerical tolera
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 nce artifacts.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 11. CPU Diagnostics and Output }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Diagnostics output includes missing link lines, Q lines, and winding fields. Each output is written only if its corresponding flag is enabled. These outputs are useful for visual inspection and for automated c
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 hecks of boundary quality.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Missing links are written with line data arrays that include lattice direction, endpoint kind, and winding number if available. The file name is path/bc/missing_boundary_links. The data arrays allow a viewer to color by direction or endpoint type.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Q lines are written with line data arrays for direction and Q values, the subgrid distances. The file name is path/bc/boundary_qs. Surface point outputs may also be written to a separate file if surface points were captured during subg
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rid distance computation.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The winding field output is a point dataset that stores winding values at sampled grid nodes. The file name is path/bc/winding_field. This output is especially useful for verifying classification thresholds and spotting regions of ambiguous winding values
.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The diagnostics writer functions are in GridWindingDiagnostics.h and use WbWriterVtkXmlBinary for output. This ensures that CPU and GPU outputs share the same format and are compatible with the same visualization pipelines.

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 12\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 . CPU Diagnostics Observer }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver manages the full CPU diagnostics run. It holds references to grid, surface, boundary adapters, and configuration, and it ensures diagnostics are computed only once unless explicitly triggered again.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The observer can combine multiple meshes into a single surface. This is used when separate meshes represent different geometry parts such as a building and a ground plane. The combination step ensures that classification and boundary processin
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 g see a single closed surface.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The observer also manages output directories. It creates path/bc before writing diagnostics and logs warnings if the directory cannot be created. This keeps diagnostics outputs consistent across runs.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 13. GPU Pipeline Overview }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The GPU pipeline integrates fast winding into grid generation and boundary processing. It computes winding values for grid nodes, classifies the grid based on those values, and then computes subgrid distances, the Q values, and diagnostics. The overal
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 l structure mirrors the CPU pipeline but uses GPU data structures.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The GPU path is designed for large scale grid generation where classification is part of the grid build process. This is why fast winding is tied to the discretization strategy and grid builder rather than a separate observer.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Although fast winding is used in the GPU module, the winding evaluation itself still uses libigl and runs on the host. The results are then applied to GPU grid data. This hybrid approach keeps the implementation consistent with the CPU path and avoids dup
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 licating winding logic.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 14. GPU Call Sequence in Detail }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 1. CMake enables VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING for the GridGenerator target when fast winding headers are found. This activates fast winding code paths in the GPU grid generator.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 2. GridFactory sele\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 cts FastWindingDiscretizationStrategy when fast winding is enabled. This strategy indicates that winding values will be used for classification.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 3. MultipleGridBuilder gathers surfaces and builds triangle caches. It detects whether a fast winding pipeline is possible based on the active strategy and available surface data.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 4. The grid builder computes winding values by calling computeCombinedWindingField. This routine uses libigl fast winding to evaluate the winding number on grid nodes for each\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 surface and combines the results.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 5. GridImp::classifyUsingWinding applies the winding field to the grid. It compares each winding value to the threshold and marks cells as inside or outside. This is the GPU equivalent of the CPU classification step.

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Step 6. GPU boundary processing computes Q values, the subgrid distances, and handles missing links. computeQsFromFWN calls processSolidBoundaryLinks and related utilities in GridWindingBoundaryGpuCore to compute subgrid distances.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 7. If a fast wi\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
nding pipeline is used, the grid builder may also handle missing Q values by filling along solid neighbors. This is done to ensure boundary completeness when the grid uses a winding based classification.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Step 8. When diagnostics are enabled, GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu computes additional winding fields and collects missing links and Q lines. These diagnostics use the same collection and writing logic as CPU, adapted for GPU data structures.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Step 9. Diagnostics output is written on the root rank. Output nam\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ing is consistent with the CPU path so that users can compare results across platforms.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 15. GPU Diagnostics and Output }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu contains computeFastWindingField which computes winding values for a grid and surface. It then uses WindingFieldCollection and GridWindingWriter to write the winding field to disk. This provides a direct view of classification qu
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ality.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The GPU diagnostics module also writes grid visualization outputs that include node data such as winding number, boundary flags,\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 and field type. These outputs help validate the classification and boundary processing stages and provide a bridge between GPU results and CPU diagnostics.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Because the GPU outputs use the same writer and data formats as CPU, they can be inspected with the same tools. This consistency is intentional and helps maintain a single diagnostics workflow across platforms.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 16. Parameter Tuning }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
fastWindingThreshold controls classification sensitivity. The default value is 0.5 which corresponds to the standard inside outside threshold for winding numbers. Lower values classify more nodes as solid, which can be useful for coarse grids or slightly 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 open surfaces. Higher v\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 alues are stricter and can reduce false positives but may leave holes.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
accuracyScale controls the accuracy of fast winding evaluation. The default value is 2.0. Raising it increases accuracy but also increases cost. When using very large meshes or fine grids, consider performance and test with diagnostics before increasing a
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ccuracy.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 tolerance and face epsilon help handle nodes that lie close to the surface. The default tolerance is 0.0001 and face epsilon is derived from mesh bounds and grid cell size. Th\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ese values can be adjusted if classification appears to oscillate near the surface or if missing link counts are high.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Grid cell size plays an important role. If the grid is very coarse relative to the mesh, a higher tolerance and lower threshold can provide more stable results. If the grid is very fine, the default threshold and tolerance often work well but may require 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 more compute time.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 17. MPI and Parallel Considerations }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Diagnostics collection uses MPI gather routines to collect data on the root rank\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
. Missing links, Q lines, and winding values are gathered from all ranks, then written to disk by the root. This ensures that outputs represent the full domain.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Gathering diagnostics can be memory intensive for large runs. The collections store coordinates and line data for each missing link or Q line. For very large simulations it may be appropriate to limit diagnostics or to write only a subset of outputs to re
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 duce memory pressure.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When MPI is enabled, non root ranks do not write output files. If diagno\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
stics are missing, check root rank logs and confirm that the output path is accessible from the root process. This is a common source of confusion when running on clusters.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 18. Validation and Troubleshooting }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If fast winding does not appear to run, confirm that VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING is defined for the target and that the header path is correct. Use build/compile_commands.json to verify the macro and include paths.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If missing links are unexpectedly high, inspect the surface mesh for holes or open boundaries.\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 Fast winding assumes a closed surface, and open meshes lead to ambiguous winding values. The missing link diagnostics and winding field output can help identify the problematic regions.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
If winding field output is empty, check that writeWindingField is enabled and that the surface mesh contains valid nodes and triangles. The evaluator skips nodes outside the mesh bounding box so an incorrect mesh location can result in empty output.

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
If performance is poor, reduce the number of diagnostics outputs during regular runs and use a smaller accuracyScale. Use diagnostics in a focused manner during validation, then disable them for production runs where speed is critical.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 19. Extension Guide }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
To integrate fast winding in a new CPU workflow, ensure that the build defines VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING and that the surface mesh is prepared. Use processBoundaryData when you need a direct classification and subgrid distance computation step, or use GridWind
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver when you want a self contained diagnostic run.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
Keep classification, subgrid distance computation, and output separate in new code. This makes the code more testable and keeps the pipeline consistent with existing VF behavior. If you add new diagnostics, place output helpers in GridWindingDiagnostics.h
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  to keep CPU and GPU output formats aligned.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 To extend the GPU pipeline, follow the existing discretization strategy pattern. Reuse GridImp classification and GridWindingBound\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
aryGpuCore utilities instead of adding new winding evaluation logic. This keeps the GPU path aligned with the CPU path and ensures consistent results.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 20. File by File Reference }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This section describes each file related to fast winding. The focus is on how each file fits the pipeline and how to use it when adding or modifying fast winding behavior.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File index for winding.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Common files.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingGeometry.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingKdTree.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 src/winding/GridWindingSolidMarker.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingDiagnostics.h
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 CPU files.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/CMakeLists.txt
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/Interactors/D3Q27GridWindingInteractor.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/Interactors/D3Q27GridWindingInteractor.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/SimulationObservers/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/SimulationObservers/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: tests/unit-tests/cpu/core/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserverTest.cpp
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 GPU files.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/CMakeLists.txt
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridFactory.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridBuilder/MultipleGridBuilder.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridImp.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridImp.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/geometries/TriangularMesh/TriangularMeshStrategy.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 /gpu/GridGenerator/geometries/TriangularMesh/TriangularMeshStrategy.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/utilities/GridWindingSolidMarkerGpu.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/utilities/GridWindingBoundaryGpuCore.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/io/GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/io/GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu.cpp
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Common Tools }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingGeometry.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file is the geometry backbone for grid winding. It defines triangle cache formats, boundary link helpers, and\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 utilities like computeFaceEpsilon. If you need to alter how link intersection tolerances are computed or how triangle caches are generated, this is the file to study first.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file is used by both CPU and GPU boundary processing code. Any change here will affect classification and Q processing across platforms, so updates should be accompanied by diagnostics testing on both CPU and GPU runs.

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingKdTree.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file provides kd tree support for triangle meshes. \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
It includes builders and query helpers used to accelerate boundary link processing. Use it when you need to speed up intersection tests or add new spatial queries to the pipeline.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The kd tree helpers integrate with both CPU and GPU boundary processors. If you modify the kd tree interface, check all call sites in both platforms. Performance impacts are often visible in subgrid distance computation time.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingSolidMarker.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements the fast winding classification. The template function markSolidsWithFastWinding builds the triangle soup, initializes libigl fast winding, and evaluates winding values for each candidate node. The acces
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 sor abstraction lets it work with CPU and GPU grid data structures.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
When tuning classification behavior such as threshold or tolerance handling, this is the file to modify. It also shows how to build and pass mesh arrays to libigl, which is helpful if you plan to replace or augment the winding evaluation.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/winding/GridWindingDiagnostics.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file defines MissingLinkCollection, QLineCollection, and WindingFieldCollection. It also provides collectMissingLinks, buildQLineCollecti\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
on, and write functions for diagnostics output. These helpers are used by both CPU and GPU diagnostics.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 BoundaryProcessingConfig lives here. It holds write flags and the fastWindingThreshold default. If you want to change output defaults or add a new diagnostic flag, this is the place to do it.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 CPU Core }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/CMakeLists.txt
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file controls CPU build time enablement of fast winding. It sets VF_FAST_WINDING_ROOT, includes the fast winding headers, and defines VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING as a public\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 compile definition. This is why CPU apps typically see the macro when they link cpu_core.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Any changes here affect all CPU targets. If you want to restrict fast winding to specific apps, you would change this file and then add explicit defines at the app level.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/Interactors/D3Q27GridWindingInteractor.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This header declares the CPU interactor that drives grid winding boundary processing. It defines processBoundaryData and the classification helper markSolidsWithFastWinding for CPU grids. \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
It is the public interface for CPU boundary processing logic.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
When integrating fast winding into a simulation step, this interactor is the correct entry point. It keeps the boundary processing logic in one place and ensures consistent use of classification and subgrid distance computation.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/Interactors/D3Q27GridWindingInteractor.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
This file implements CPU boundary processing in detail. It calls markSolidsWithFastWinding when VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING is defined, then computes subgrid distances, the Q values, with computeSubgridDistancesStandalone. It also gathers missing link and Q line 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 diagnostics.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
This is the core CPU fast winding implementation. When debugging classification or subgrid distance computation, inspect this file for control flow, logging, and parameter use. It also contains safety checks and error messages for missing fast
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  winding support.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/core/SimulationObservers/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This header declares the diagnostics observer. It defines constructors that accept grid, surface, BCSet, boundary adapters, and configuration. It provides accessors for diagnostics collections.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Use this observer when you want a self contained diagnostics run that includes classification, subgrid distance computation, and output writing. It is designed for a one time run per simulation setup.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/cpu/\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 core/SimulationObservers/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
This file implements the diagnostics observer workflow. It calls processBoundaryData, stores the results, enriches missing links, computes winding fields, and writes outputs. It also manages output directory creation and logging.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 It is the most complete CPU path for fast winding diagnostics. Changes here affect how diagnostics are orchestrated and written, but should not change the underlying classification or Q logic.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: tests/unit-\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 tests/cpu/core/GridWindingDiagnosticsSimulationObserverTest.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This test file exercises the diagnostics observer and validates behavior when fast winding is enabled. It provides baseline coverage for missing link and winding field outputs.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Use this test when changing diagnostics output logic or when modifying the observer behavior. It provides quick feedback on whether the pipeline still produces expected results.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 GPU Grid Generator }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/CMakeLists.txt
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file controls GPU build\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 time enablement of fast winding. It sets VF_FAST_WINDING_ROOT and defines VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING for the GridGenerator target. It also adds the necessary include paths for libigl.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If you need to adjust how the GPU build locates fast winding headers or to change warning handling, this is the file to edit. Any change here affects all GPU grid generation targets.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridFactory.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file selects the grid discretization strategy. When fast winding is enabled it chooses FastWindingDiscretizationStrategy. This is the first point where the GPU pipeline decides to use winding based classification.

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If you add a new strategy or modify the conditions under which fast winding is selected, update this file and verify that the builder follows the correct path.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridBuilder/MultipleGridBuilder.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements the GPU grid builder and contains the fas\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
t winding path. It gathers winding surfaces, builds triangle caches, computes combined winding fields, and triggers classification in GridImp.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
It also coordinates boundary processing for Q values, the subgrid distances, and missing links. If you need to change how the GPU pipeline sequences classification and subgrid distance computation, this is the main file to inspect.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridImp.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This header declares grid operations such as classifyUsingWinding. It defines interfaces for\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  applying winding fields and for filling missing Q values.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 GridImp is the core GPU grid data structure. Any changes to how classification is applied or how fields are stored should be reflected here.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/grid/GridImp.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements classifyUsingWinding and related grid operations. It uses the winding field to set node types and to adjust boundary data. It is the GPU equivalent of the CPU classification application step.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When debugging GPU classification results, this fil\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e is essential. It also contains logic for filling missing Q values along solid neighbors.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/geometries/TriangularMesh/TriangularMeshStrategy.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This header declares the triangular mesh strategy used by the grid generator. It integrates mesh handling with the discretization strategy selection, including fast winding when enabled.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If you need to add mesh preprocessing steps or change how meshes are presented to the grid builder, this file is the correct entry point.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/geometries/TriangularMesh/TriangularMeshStrategy.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements the triangular mesh strategy. It prepares mesh data, selects winding surfaces, and hands the data to the grid builder. It is where mesh level decisions are mapped to grid generation actions.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file is important for aligning GPU mesh handling with CPU behavior. If meshes are treated differently across platforms, classification results will diverge.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/utilities/GridWindingSolidM\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 arkerGpu.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file provides a GPU grid accessor that reuses the common fast winding marker logic. It adapts GPU grid node storage to the accessor interface expected by GridWindingSolidMarker.h.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If you need to adjust how GPU nodes are iterated or how solid flags are applied during classification, this is the adapter to update.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/utilities/GridWindingBoundaryGpuCore.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements GPU boundary processing utilities. It builds triangle caches, processes boundary links, and \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
supports missing link collection. It provides the GPU side of subgrid distance computation and boundary analysis.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The routines here are performance sensitive. Any changes should be profiled because this code runs across the entire grid during generation or diagnostics.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/io/GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu.h
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This header declares GPU diagnostics output helpers. It exposes functions to write missing links, Q lines, and winding fields for GPU grids.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Use this file to understand the interfa\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ce for GPU diagnostics and to add new diagnostics outputs if needed.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File: src/gpu/GridGenerator/io/GridWindingDiagnosticsGpu.cpp
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 This file implements GPU diagnostics output. It computes winding fields for visualization, writes missing links and Q lines, and integrates with the common diagnostics collections.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When adjusting output formats or adding new diagnostic data for GPU runs, this is the implementation file to update.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 21. Example Applications }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\kerning0\insrsid12191759 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Example applications are discussed last so the core pipeline is clear before looking at usage. These examples show how to drive the pipeline in a full application context.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
CPU example. apps/cpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodCpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodCpu.cpp reads FastWindingThreshold from apps/cpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodCpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodCpu.cfg, builds BoundaryProcessingConfig, and creates GridWi
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ndingDiagnosticsSimulationObserver. It calls update once to run classification, subg\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
rid distance computation, and diagnostics output. The build file is apps/cpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodCpu/CMakeLists.txt.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
GPU example. apps/gpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodGpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodGpu.cpp uses the GPU grid generator and relies on VF_HAS_FAST_WINDING to enable the fast winding pipeline. Configuration is in apps/gpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodGpu/Re
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 searchCrossingNeighbourhoodGpu.cfg and build details are in apps/gpu/ResearchCrossingNeighbourhoodGpu/CMakeLists.txt.
\par 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100d0557692fa0700000d220000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec5a4b8f1bb911be07c87f68f45d5677eb3db0bcd0d3b3f68c3db064077ba4244a4d0fbb2934a99911160b04de532e0b2cb00972c802
b9e5100459200b64914b7e8c011bc9e647a448b65aa444791e30022398994b37f555f16355b1aa9add0f3fbb4aa87781334e58daf6c30781efe174ca66245db4
fd97e361a9e97b5ca07486284b71db5f63ee7ff6e897bf78888e448c13ec817cca8f50db8f85581e95cb7c0ac3883f604b9cc26f73962548c06db628cf327409
7a135a8e82a05e4e10497d2f4509a87d3e9f9329f6c652a5ff68a37c40e136155c0e4c693692aab125a1b0b3f35022f89af768e65d20daf6619e19bb1ce32be1
7b1471013fb4fd40fdf9e5470fcbe82817a2e280ac2137547fb95c2e303b8fd49cd962524c1a0ca266352cf42b0015fbb84153fe17fa14004da7b052cdc5d419
d6ea4133cab106485f3a74b71a61c5c61bfa2b7b9cc356bd1b552dfd0aa4f557f7f0c1b035e8d72cbc02697c6d0fdf09a26eab62e11548e3eb7bf8eaa0d38806
165e81624ad2f37d74bdd16cd673740199337aec84b7eaf5a0d1cfe15b144443115d728a394bc5a1584bd06b960d0120811409927a62bdc473348528ee2c05e3
5e9ff025456bdf5ba29471180ea23084d0ab0651f1af2c8e8e3032a4252f60c2f786241f8f4f33b2146dff0968f50dc8bb9f7e7afbe6c7b76ffefef6ebafdfbe
f9ab774216b1d0aa2cb963942e4cb99ffff4ed7fbeffb5f7efbffdf1e7ef7eebc67313fffe2fbf79ff8f7f7e483d6cb5ad29defdee87f73ffef0eef7dffcebcf
df39b477323431e1639260ee3dc397de0b96c00295296cfe7892dd4e621c23624a74d205472992b338f40f446ca19fad11450e5c17db767c9541aa71011faf5e
5b844771b612c4a1f1699c58c053c66897654e2b3c957319661eafd2857bf26c65e25e2074e19abb8752cbcb83d512722c71a9ecc5d8a27946512ad002a75878
f237768eb163755f1062d9f5944c33c6d95c785f10af8b88d3246332b1a2692b744c12f0cbda4510fc6dd9e6f495d765d4b5ea3ebeb091b0371075901f636a99
f1315a0994b8548e51424d839f2011bb488ed6d9d4c40db8004f2f3065de60863977c93ccf60bd86d39f22c86e4eb79fd27562233341ce5d3a4f106326b2cfce
7b314a962eec88a4b189fd9c9f438822ef8c0917fc94d93b44de831f507ad0ddaf08b6dc7d7d36780959cea4b40d10f9cb2a73f8f2316656fc8ed6748eb02bd5
74b2c44ab19d8c38a3a3bb5a58a17d823145976886b1f7f27307832e5b5a36df927e12435639c6aec07a82ec5895f729e6d02bc9e6663f4f9e106e85ec082fd8
013ea7eb9dc4b3466982b2439a9f81d74d9b0f26196c460785e7747a6e029f11e801215e9c4679ce418711dc07b59ec5c82a60f29ebbe3759d59febbc91e837d
f9daa271837d0932f8d63290d84d990fda668ca835c13660c6887827ae740b2296fbb722b2b82ab195536e6e6fdaad1ba03bb29a9e84a4d77440ffbbce07fa8b
777ff8de11821fa7db712bb652d52dfb9c43a9e478a7bb3984dbed697a2c9b914fbfa5e9a3557a86a18aece7abfb8ee6bea3f1ffef3b9a43fbf9be8f39d46ddc
f7313ef417f77d4c7eb4f271fa986deb025d8d3c5ed0c73cead0273978e63327948ec49ae213ae8e7d383ccdcc863028e5d479272ece0097315cca32071358b8
4586948c9731f12b22e2518c96703614fa52c982e7aa17dc5b320e47466ad8a95be2e92a3965337dd4a9ce96025d593912dbf1a006874e7a1c8ea98446d71bf9
a0e4a7ce5381af62bb50c7ac1b0252f636248cc96c12150789c666f01a12f2d4ece3b068395834a5fa8dabf64c01d40aafc0e3b6070fe96dbf569584e08c9c4f
a1359f493f69576fbcab9cf9313d7dc8985604c0b1a25e091cca179e6e49ae07972757a743ed069eb64828a7e8b0b24928cba8068fc7f0109c47a71cbd098ddb
fabab575a9454f9a42cd07f1bda5d1687e88c55d7d0d72bbb981a666a6a0a977097b3c824de77b53b46cfb73383386cb6409c1c3e52317a20b78f1321599def1
77492dcb8c8b3ee2b1b6b8ca3ada3f091138f32849dabe5c7fe1079aaa24a2c9b560eb7eaae422b9e13e3572e075dbcb783ec75361fadd189196d6b790e275b2
70feaac4ef0e96926c05ee1ec5b34b6f4257d90b0421566b84d2bb33c2e1d541a85d3d23f02eacc864dbf8dba94c79f6375f46a918d2e3882e63949714339b6b
b82a28051d7557d8c0b8cbd70c06354c9257c2c9425658d3a856392d6a97e670b0ec5e2f242d6764cd6dd1b4d28a2c9bee3466cdb0a9033bb6bc5b9537586d4c
0c49cd2cf13a77efe6dcd626d9ed340a4599008317f6bb5bed37a86d27b3a849c6fb795826ed7cd42e1e9b055e43ed2655c248fbf58dda1dbb1545c2391d0cde
a9f483dc6ed4c2d07cd3582a4bab97e6e67b6d36790dc9a30f6dee8aea37dd34853b19957c799629df4ed86c9d5f52ae138df6b96c4a2592a62ff0dc23b3abb6
1fb93a47fdb635ccbb01859662b2781582ce6ecf16ccf152546fd84258077811547a53dac285849a197aef42589d28ba688bab0d65d9ab035e9990eb55836973
4bc1d5be15e1743c43d0db8e5467a7732fd0be12797e812b6f9591b6ff6550eb547b51ad570a9ab541a95aa906a566ad5329756ab54a38a88541bf1b7d05f444
9c8435fdd5c3105e02d175feed831adffbfe21d9bce77a30654999a9ef1bcacafbeafb87303afcfd033812684583b01a75a25ea9d70feba56ad4af979a8d4aa7
d48beafda80345bb3eec7ce57b170a1c76fbfde1b01695ea3dc055834eadd4e9567aa57a73d08d86e1a0da0f009c979f2b788a019b6d6c01978ad7a3ff020000
ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e61676572
2e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168
aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bb
d048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff030050
4b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c
504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d0014
0006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e
786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100d0557692fa0700000d2200001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f746865
6d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000040b00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ff0b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore }}